fix: OOM when eth_getLogs response too large (#42)
crypto-org-chain/ethermint: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

### Bug Fixes

> * (rpc) [tharsis#860](https://github.com/tharsis/ethermint/pull/860) Fix `eth_getLogs` when specify blockHash without address/topics, and limit the response size.

Author: ```suggestion
* (rpc) [crypto-org-chain#42](https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/ethermint/pull/42) Fix `eth_getLogs` when specify blockHash without address/topics, and limit the response size.
```
